docs: Update k8s version references in docs/samples (#1264)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/upgrade.md

2) `aks-engine upgrade` expects a cluster configuration that conforms to the current state of the cluster. In other words, the Azure resources inside the resource group deployed by `aks-engine` should be in the same state as when they were originally created by `aks-engine`. If you perform manual operations on your Azure IaaS resources (other than `aks-engine scale` and `aks-engine upgrade`) DO NOT use `aks-engine upgrade`, as the aks-engine-generated ARM template won't be reconcilable against the state of the Azure resources that reside in the resource group. This includes naming of resources; `aks-engine upgrade` relies on some resources (such as VMs) to be named in accordance with the original `aks-engine` deployment. In summary, the set of Azure resources in the resource group are mutually reconcilable by `aks-engine upgrade` only if they have been exclusively created and managed as the result of a series of successive ARM template deployments originating from `aks-engine`.

> 3) `aks-engine upgrade` allows upgrading the Kubernetes version to any AKS Engine-supported patch release in the current minor release channel that is greater than the current version on the cluster (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.13.5`), or to the next aks-engine-supported minor version (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.14.0`). In practice, the next AKS Engine-supported minor version will commonly be a single minor version ahead of the current cluster version. However, if the cluster has not been upgraded in a significant amount of time, the "next" minor version may have actually been deprecated by aks-engine. In such a case, your long-lived cluster will be upgradable to the nearest, supported minor version that `aks-engine` supports at the time of upgrade (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.13.5`).

Reviewer: The very last versions are supposed to show an out-of-support version can skip minor versions to get to a supported one. Could you change the last part of the sentence to this?

"at the time of upgrade (e.g., from \`1.10.13\` to \`1.12.8\`)"

> 3) `aks-engine upgrade` allows upgrading the Kubernetes version to any AKS Engine-supported patch release in the current minor release channel that is greater than the current version on the cluster (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.13.5`), or to the next aks-engine-supported minor version (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.14.0`). In practice, the next AKS Engine-supported minor version will commonly be a single minor version ahead of the current cluster version. However, if the cluster has not been upgraded in a significant amount of time, the "next" minor version may have actually been deprecated by aks-engine. In such a case, your long-lived cluster will be upgradable to the nearest, supported minor version that `aks-engine` supports at the time of upgrade (e.g., from `1.10.13` to `1.12.8`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3) `aks-engine upgrade` allows upgrading the Kubernetes version to any AKS Engine-supported patch release in the current minor release channel that is greater than the current version on the cluster (e.g., from `1.12.7` to `1.12.8`), or to the next aks-engine-supported minor version (e.g., from `1.12.8` to `1.13.5`). In practice, the next AKS Engine-supported minor version will commonly be a single minor version ahead of the current cluster version. However, if the cluster has not been upgraded in a significant amount of time, the "next" minor version may have actually been deprecated by aks-engine. In such a case, your long-lived cluster will be upgradable to the nearest, supported minor version that `aks-engine` supports at the time of upgrade (e.g., from `1.7.16` to `1.9.11`).
```

Reviewer 2: the examples don't make sense anymore with these changes, the first one should be same-minor, the second should be one minor version upgrade, and the third should be upgrade from a deprecated version
